Fix `Stack` system prop (#212)
primer/eslint-plugin-primer-react: .changeset/nervous-coats-cross.md

---
"eslint-plugin-primer-react": patch
---

> Fix `Stack` system prop for padding and gap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no-system-props: Add `padding` and `gap` as exceptions for `Stack`
```
